I've always loved writing. It was a way for me to share my thoughts with a certain precision that I'm unable to do with speech. My mind is extremely overactive, unable to settle on a word. When I talk, this often leads me to stuttering over myself. If I wait to think, I instead become paralyzed.

Writing is a different beast. I finally have the time to slow down and think without limit. But, in this blessing, a curse is hidden. Especially now, in the digital age, I have the freedom to correct at will. Just like in speech, I enter a state of paralysis. However, in time, I learn to let go, and move on to the next sentence. 

The process of writing is just one obstacle. Before even starting to write, I need something to write about. Coming up with an idea isn't difficult, at any given moment I can probably give you 100 different topics to write about. One or two fo them are probably even good. When I initially started the blog, I thought I could pump out a post every other day. Given the barren nature of this site, I bet you can surmise that this is not the case.

Inspired by a half-written book by one of my former professors, I started thinking about who I am write for. This blog is about me, it's about my thoughts, and it's a space to share what I want to. That's the beauty of having full control over it. However, to those reading, my audience, I want to write stuff that is both worth talking about, and worth **me** talking about. What unique perspective can I bring to the table? What thoughts do I have that are worthing sharing with you? I don't want to become like the stereotypical "podcast bro" of my generation, that spew mentally deficient, deleterious drivel on the daily. I have my own thoughts on this, and why these people are so prevalent among my peers, but the point is I want to make content that is informative, interesting, and worth reading. Right now, that is 